Clarifications to Checkout instructions language around etherpad (#1290)
carpentries/instructor-training: _extras/checkout.md

When signing up on the [Community Discussion Etherpad][discussion], be sure to examine the description of your event carefully. Also, **take care to double check
the time zone**, and mark your calendar after signing up! At the time of the event, the Zoom link may be found at the top

> of that Etherpad.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the discussion Etherpad.
```
Since the goal is clarity, let's go all the way to a specific term

Author: If the terms has to be specific, be it 'Community Discussion Etherpad' or 'Discussion Etherpad'. A new specification within the same paragraph let one wonder whether it goes about a new object and, in fact, it doesn't. I suggest no change.

### Getting Credit
After each Community Discussion meeting, hosts submit a form that includes the names of attendees who identified themselves as

> fulfilling their checkout requirement. This is indicated by writing "checkout" next to your name when you register in the Community Discussion Etherpad. As long as you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fulfilling their checkout requirement. This is indicated by writing "checkout" next to your name in the Community Discussion Etherpad when you register. As long as you
```
swapping order of clauses for readability

Author: This change is unequivocal and can be accepted.

work for a checkout demo. Be sure to give yourself time to change course if your planned lesson will not work.

### Sign-up and Set-up

> To sign up, select a session that works for you on [the Training Demonstration Sessions Etherpad]({{page.demopad}}), and add
> your name and a link to your lesson of choice to that Etherpad. Be sure to **double check the time in your local time zone** by clicking on the converter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To sign up, select a session that works for you on [the Teaching Demo Etherpad]({{page.demopad}}), and add
your name and a link to your lesson of choice to an open slot. Be sure to **double check the time in your local time zone** by clicking on the converter
```
We should use the name here that matches, as best as possible how trainers will refer to that pad, and what it it titled.

Author: Re line 222, the current title of the document is "The Carpentries Instructor Training Teaching Demonstration Sessions". "Teaching Demo Etherpad" is confusing until that becomes the title of the document.

Re line 223, makes sense.

link posted. Also, examine the demo description to ensure that it is not a special session targeting a specific sub-community or
language (unless you are part of that target group).

> The link to connect to the video conference is at the top of the Traning Demonstration Sessions Etherpad. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The link to connect to the video conference is at the top of the Teaching Demos Etherpad. 
```
The word teaching missing from the title was misleading, I've corrected it on the etherpad and this should match

Author: Re line 227, the current title of the document is "The Carpentries Instructor Training Teaching Demonstration Sessions". "Teaching Demo Etherpad" is confusing until that becomes the title of the document.

> The link to connect to the video conference is at the top of the Traning Demonstration Sessions Etherpad. 

Author: Re line 227, the current title of the document is "The Carpentries Instructor Training Teaching Demonstration Sessions". "Teaching Demo Etherpad" is confusing until that becomes the title of the document.
